(DOCSP-23900): Removing product source constants from app-services topics (#214)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/reference/authenticate-http-client-requests.txt

Get a Client API Access Token
-----------------------------

> To get an access token, you need to authenticate with the Realm Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get an access token, you need to authenticate with the App Services Client
```

this one should be app services, weird source constant usage before

.. example::

>    The following request authenticates a realm user with the Client API. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following request authenticates a user with the Client API. The
```
